Over the past few weeks, I've been in a
black hole of productivity building a
few different apps that have helped me
improve my life. And the result of that
is I now check my email less, I open
less apps, I scroll less, and I've
canceled a bunch of subscriptions. The
way that I've done that is with this
tool called Claude Code. And if you
don't know what it is, I'm going to show
you how it works and why it's super high
ROI. So, you're probably used to an AI
chatbot where you ask a question, it
gives you a response, and then you have
to do something with that response. But
with Claude Code, not only does it give
you an answer back, but it can also do
the work for you. I think the name
Claude Code is also a bit of a misnomer
because you might assume it's only for
programmers or people who are interested
in coding, but actually it can do a lot
of things that is completely unrelated
to coding and you never have to see any
code at all. You can use it to organize
stuff on your computer, do research,
even make Japanese flashcards. So, let
me show you some of the stuff that I've
built with Claude Code that has helped
me improve my life, reduce my screen
time, and save me more money. I'm going
to put timestamps, so feel free to skip
around based on
the things that are most relevant for
you. So, all right, so the first benefit
is I stopped opening up my email
messages. So, with Claude Code, it's
pretty easy to connect it to your email
and your messages. And so, what I've
done is I have a create a daily brief
every morning of the most important
email and messages that I may have
missed. So, this is what the daily brief
looks like that is made by Claude Code.
So, it just updates it in Obsidian every
single day. You can see there is the
weather, there's stuff on my calendar,
there's some emails that I should
probably respond to. I can check it off
if I don't want to. And it also clears
my inbox for me. So, you can see that it
archived some vague cold outreach, some
spam, and I've taught it to distinguish
between things that I want to be
archived and things I don't. And so, now
I always have a very clean inbox for my
email and for my messages. And I also
don't have to check it multiple times in
a day because it just gives me the
things that are the most important.
Yeah, so the same for my messages, it
just surfaces the things that I most
likely should respond to and so I don't
have to open up Instagram and be
distracted by reels or see a bunch of
other messages that are not time
sensitive. Yeah, so you can see here
there's calendar, email, messages, and
tasks. So the calendar is connected to
Google Calendar, email's connected to my
Gmail. Messages is connected to my
Beeper. Beeper just connects all of your
chatting apps into one so you can see I
have like
X, WhatsApp, Telegram, Signal,
and a bunch of other apps and then I
just have CloudCode connected to this
and check it once a day for important
messages and update the daily brief. And
then also it goes through my Things 3.
So Things 3 is a to-do app that I use
and this shows me the things that I
should do today. One thing that
surprised me in doing this is realizing
that a lot of the messages and emails
that you get don't actually need a
response or don't need an urgent
response.
And so by having them all laid out like
this, I genuinely just check my email
much less and check my messages a lot
less and it's really helped me have
better focus into the things I want to
focus on. With this setup, I don't even
need to have notifications for all my
messaging apps and email because I can
just check this for the most important
things. The second benefit is I waste
less time on YouTube. So at this point,
we already know that you can use AI to
summarize videos. Like you maybe you're
using AI to summarize this video right
now. But most of the time when you use
AI to summarize a video, it just
generates a very short Slack-like
summary that doesn't really capture the
essence of everything that's in the
video. But with CloudCode, you can take
it a bit further and actually get a
detailed summary. And the way that I do
that is I have a summarize video inside
Obsidian. Let me just show you. So for
example, here I have a summary of a
pretty long podcast with Tim Ferriss, is
one of his recent podcasts,
and I've set up a format that I have
CloudCode go through to summarize these
types of long videos and podcasts.
So you can see I have this Obsidian
extension which gives me the thumbnail
that I can click on and watch the actual
video.
But, it has a too long, didn't read call
out. And then there are timestamps of
all the different topics that he talks
about. And so, this gives me a very
clear overview of all the different
topics, and I can go to the timestamp
and actually listen to it. Or, I can
just read through this. At the bottom, I
have it pick out some of the best quotes
that is said in the video or in the
podcast. So, you can see here are some
of the quotes. And also at the bottom,
there are a list of people and things
mentioned.
And the beauty of doing this in Obsidian
is that it's not just a wall of text
that you have to read through. It's
actually a dynamic document. So,
I've taught Claude Code when it's
summarizing to also make pages for the
things are mentioned. So, for example,
he's talking about Alex Honnold. And if
I don't know who that person is, I can
just click in and read a short summary
of that person. And in the future, if
other videos that I watch also mention
this person, they'll also be linked
here. Let me show you some more more
examples. So, for example, this is like
a two or three-hour podcast with uh
David Sinclair, the Diary of a CEO
podcast.
And I've already listened to several
podcasts with this person before. And
so, this really helps me save some time
in figuring out is there actually new
information this podcast, or is he kind
of recycling the same talking points
that he's had before?
And anything that he mentioned, like any
technical things that he mentioned, I
can click in and I can read more about
it, or I can have uh Claude Code make
pages about it. Yeah. And here's another
one.
And yeah, this is kind of the format
that I've arrived at for summarizing
different videos. And it's really
helpful for me in getting a deeper
understanding. And personally, I find it
much easier to absorb knowledge when I'm
reading it and I have it laid out
because I can go at my own pace, and
then I can look stuff up if I am not
following. And so, this has really
helped me spend less time on YouTube.
So, the way that I get such a
high-fidelity summary is I not only give
it the video, but I also teach it to
download the entire transcript, and then
make the summary from the transcript
itself. But, the reason why using
ChatGPT or using Gemini to get a quick
summary of a video is typically not very
good is because AI chatbots are limited
by their context window. And so, when
you have a very long video like a 2-hour
video, it can't actually have all the
different parts of the video in its
context. So, it just gives you a very
generic summary.
But, if you have the whole transcript
and you use it through Claude code, it
can break the whole transcript up into
multiple different parts and have
smaller agents summarize individual
parts. So, the result is you have a
very specific Wikipedia-like article
that you can just read through. And you
can also go back and read the entire
transcript itself. And this workflow
I've made works even when there's no
transcript for the video. So, if there's
no transcript, it will download the
video, it will manually transcribe it,
and then it will do the summary. So,
this works for pretty much everything.
I've made it into a skill in Obsidian,
so I'll just share this if you just want
to install it for yourself. Basically,
it summarizes anything, whether that's a
YouTube video, article, book, or
podcast, and then it also summarizes it
proportional to the length of the
content. So, if it's a 500-page book, it
might summarize it to something you can
read in 15-20 minutes. So, it's way
better than getting some really short
overview. You actually get the sense
that you read a book or reread a book.
Uh another way you can use this is help
you understand things that are really
difficult or even technical. So, for
example, like here's a a paper I wanted
to read, but there's a lot of uh
prerequisite information I need to
understand. So,
by doing it in Obsidian, I had to go one
layer deep and every single thing here,
I could go in and read more about it and
see how it connects to everything else.
And I also had to write it in uh form of
writing and level that I could
understand. And it also has context
about uh where I'm at with my
understanding of these type of things.
So, whereas normally if I would just
read the paper, I might not understand
anything that's going on, by having it
summarize it in a very detailed way like
this with multiple sub agents, I can
actually get a deeper understanding of
the paper. But the third benefit is I
also stopped scrolling the news. So,
similar to the daily briefing that shows
me my most important messages and
emails, I also have Claude Code find the
top three to five most important news
that I should be aware of and then put
them into a document. So, this is what
it looks like. It does it every single
day. I can expand previous days if I
wanted to.
So, I started doing this just with the
world news, but I also found it useful
to do it with other topics that I want
to stay up to date on. Like, for
example, artificial intelligence, local
news in Japan,
uh macroeconomics, and stuff that's
going on in the United States. And
looking through each of these pages, it
only takes me 10 to 30 seconds. And so,
I really dramatically
uh changed my relationship with being
connected with the news. I think
especially these days, a lot of people
get their news through feeds like
Twitter or YouTube. And while you can
get a lot of really good news through
those feeds, you also will likely see a
lot of distracting content like reels or
things that are not the things that you
actually want to see. And so, once I've
set this up, it's really helped me
not have to have any sort of FOMO
related to the news or the latest
updates because I just have it in my
Obsidian as a static document every
single day. And this isn't just apply to
news. You can have Claude Code be
constantly researching a specific
subject on a daily or weekly basis and
updating a single document. So, it's
basically a living and breathing
document. But the fourth way I've
improved my life with these tools is I
stopped paying for subscriptions for
tools that I can just build. So, at this
point with Claude Code, pretty much any
app or extension you can think of, you
can have Claude build it for you. This
is still like extremely mind-blowing to
me as someone who studied computer
science in college because you're no
longer constrained by man-hours or
technical knowledge. You can literally
build anything that you can think of.
Because of that, you can literally save
thousands of dollars by just building
simple apps and extensions and not
paying for subscriptions. So, for
example, the other day I wanted to
record a time-lapse of my computer
throughout the entire working day, so I
could see
the stuff I was working on. And when I
looked into it, the only apps that were
available were like $5 or $10, and the
reviews weren't even that good. And so,
instead of paying for that, I just told
CloudCode to build it, and it built it
in one attempt, and it works perfectly.
And it's really easy to build apps with
CloudCode. All you have to do is tell it
what
you want the app to do, and it will
craft a plan with you, and once you
approve of it, it will just go out and
build it. This is something that
literally was not possible even just 1
year ago. So, it's pretty amazing to see
how fast AI is developing. Now, all you
have to do is talk to the AI in natural
language, and it will help you create a
plan, and with no technical ability or
no coding ability, you can basically
make any app. Obviously, this works
better for simple apps that have
basically just one use case. If you were
to build a very complex app, it's more
likely that uh it can become too
unwieldy, and there may be a lot of
bugs. But, for simple extensions, or if
you just have an app that you want to do
a specific thing, it's really easy to
build it in CloudCode, and you can have
it build iOS apps, web apps, local
desktop apps,
pretty much anything you can think of.
For example, I built this really simple
Obsidian extension that just has this
unread indicator whenever it updates a
different note,
and
that literally just took a couple of
minutes. Yeah, another example is I was
paying $50 to $60 to host my website
because I was using Notion as the
backend, like the CMS.
And I had a discussion with CloudCode
about ways we can cut down the cost, and
it basically recommended me to rewrite
my entire uh backend, and to host it on
Cloudflare instead. And so, we did that
over the course of a few hours, and then
now my website literally costs $0 to
host. Whereas before I was paying $50 to
$60, and I have identical feature set,
which is pretty amazing. And these are
just a few examples, but I've literally
saved thousands of dollars with Cloud
Code, and it's why I'm now on the
highest-paid plan for it. But, the fifth
benefit of using these tools is it's
also helping me supercharge my Japanese
and my different hobbies. But, not to
get too deep into the weeds of my
hobbies, uh one of the things that I'm
trying to get better at right now is my
Japanese. So, I've been studying for a
while now, and I recently moved to
Japan. And one of the things that is the
most time-consuming with Japanese with
studying Japanese is making flash cards.
So, I use this app called Anki, which
I've made a video about before, and this
is the best app to study anything. And
in the past, one of the most
time-consuming things was to make
Japanese flash cards. But now, I've set
up an automation with Cloud Code to
basically check my to-do app. And if in
the to-do app I have a new word, then it
will just automatically make an Anki
card for me, which is pretty amazing.
So, it'll take the word, it'll find the
example sentence, find the definition
based on the dictionaries I gave it, and
it'll just make the flash card. And so,
this is really
automated my Japanese study. So, all I
have to do is open up the flash card
app, and I can study new words every
single day. And so, I've used Cloud Code
to help me supercharge all of my
hobbies, like also with guitar and
learning music theory. I also have done
something similar. There's so many more
things I could talk about with Cloud
Code and Japanese that I would probably
be too much for this video, but I think
if you're a self-directed learner,
learning how to use Cloud Code is one of
the best investments you can do today.
The final thing I want to talk about is
if you already use Cloud Code, I would
highly recommend you set up an Obsidian
vault and have Cloud Code autonomously
manage an Obsidian vault. So, if you see
in some of my other videos, you know
that I've been using Obsidian for a few
years now.
And the way that I use Claude code with
Obsidian is I have Claude code manage
his own Obsidian vault. So, I still have
my own Obsidian vault that is for my own
notes, my human-made notes. And then I
have Claude's Obsidian, which are all
notes written by him. So, with this
Obsidian vault, I only use it in
read-only mode. I never write anything
in it. And whenever I have it summarize
a video, whenever I have a project and I
need documentation, I always have it do
it in its own Obsidian.
And the beauty of doing this is
you are not tied to using Claude code.
So, maybe in a few months or in a year,
when there's a better model or maybe
these models can run locally on our
computer, we can just disconnect Claude
code and then connect this Obsidian
vault to a different AI model and
continue our workflow. It's super
underrated to have an AI-managed
Obsidian vault where you have it store
all the memories about you, profiles
about different people, meeting notes,
and summaries. It can search things up
super quickly since they're all markdown
files and you can also see its knowledge
base grow over time. And this is
basically you owning your own AI
memories. They're literally just files
on your computer. Lately, I've been
seeing a lot of videos from content
creators talking about AI doom and how
it's going to take over our jobs and
just generate a lot of slop. But, I
think if you use AI in the right way, it
can really be an addition to your life
and help you supercharge everything it
is that you care about. It helps you
spend less time on the things you don't
care about and spend your time more
efficiently on the things that you do
care about. And I think it's very
important for us to stay on top of these
tools. They're not going anywhere and to
learn how to use them in a beneficial
way so we can continue to do that into
the future. But, yeah, those are just my
two cents. Hopefully, this video has
been helpful.
Uh let me know what you thought of this
video.
Uh this is the first video I've done
that I'm actually standing. So, yeah, I
have a standing desk. And yeah, I'll see
you in the next video.
Let's get it.